1.What are the common built-in data types in Python?
Immutable data types:
--Number
--String
--Tuple

Mutable data types:
--List
--Dictionary
--set

2.What are local variables and global variables in Python?
Local variable: Any variable declared inside a function is known as Local variable
Global Variable: Any variable declared outside the function is known as Global variable

3.What are Python packages?
A Python package refers to the collection of different sub-packages and modules based on the similarities of the function.

4.What are decorators in Python?
In Python, decorators are necessary functions that help add functionality to an existing function without 
changing the structure of the function at all. These are represented by @decorator_name in Python and are called in a bottom-up format

Q5.What is the difference between list and tuple?
The difference between list and tuple is that list is mutable while tuple is not. Tuple can be hashed, for example., as a key for dictionaries.

Q6. What is lambda in Python?
It is a single expression anonymous function often used as inline function.

7.What is the use of // operator in Python?
It is a Floor Divisionoperator, which is used for dividing two operands with the result as a quotient showing only digits before the decimal point.

8.What are python iterators?
These are the certain objects that are easily traversed and iterated when needed.

9.What does len() do?
len() is an inbuilt function used to calculate the length of sequences like list, python string, and array.

10.How will you remove duplicate elements from a list?
To remove duplicate elements from the list we use the set() function.

11.What are the generators in python?
Generator refers to the function that returns an iterable set of items.

12.What are Python packages?
A Python package refers to the collection of different sub-packages and modules based on the similarities of the function.

13.Mention the use of the split function in Python
The use of the split function in Python is that it breaks a string into shorter strings using the defined separator.
 It gives a list of all words present in the string.

14.Python Loops?
Python has two primitive loop commands.

15. Explain Boolean Values.
In programming you often need to know if an expression is True or False.

16.Number of Arguments in function?
By default, a function must be called with the correct number of arguments. 


17.Write a command to open the file c:\hello.txt for writing?
Command:
f= open(“hello.txt”, “wt”)

18.What does *args and **kwargs mean?
.*args: It is used to pass multiple arguments in a function.
**kwargs: It is used to pass multiple keyworded arguments in a function in python.

19.How can files be deleted in Python?
You need to import the OS Module and use os.remove() function for deleting a file in python.
consider the code below:





















